1. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When you collaborate with others on a single project. This way your work is 
shared instead of being kept private on your local working directory.


2. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than havnig Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

By manually pulling the changes you can ensure that the changes are something
you want to incorporate, so that it does not break your project. Even though
GitHub commits are usually more thoroughly inspected they may contain something
undesirable to you, especially when you did not create the GitHub commit you
will be pulling. Automatic pulls will change your repository any time a new 
commit is pushed by someone, and may result in omitting your current local work


3. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would
you use one instead of another?

You use a fork to get access the repository of another GitHub user. A fork is
used when you do not have access to modify the repository and if you want to do
some work to change its features. By forking you save the repository on your
GitHub account and are able to make modifications. A fork also makes it wasy to
collaborate with others, since it is native to GitHub. Forking is exclusive to
GitHub.

A clone is used when you want to locally save another person's repository on
your local working directory. Clones can then be modified locally. This means
that if you are collaborating with others then you must give them specific
permissions, and information about your repository to be able to access it.
A clone can be made of forked repositories from GitHub, as well as of other
people's repositories. A clone is related to Git and not GitHub exclusively.

A branch can be any commit or sequence of commits that differs from the master
commit. Branches usually include any significant changes to the "core" project
that may not yet be integrated due to required testing and bugs.


4. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

The last known state of the remote is origin/master. Knowing this allows the
user to compare the differences between what was last updated on GitHub and
what is stored in the local master branch. This is useful if working in offline
mode where otherwise you will not be able to access GitHub and know what the
state of the project is. Once you go online again you can fetch the state of
the remote without having to commit your local changes.


5. How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

I feel that collaborating without using these tools would be very difficult.
Without the tools you have to have the link to the repository and keep track of
your changes manually. When you want to send an update to someone else you have
to make sure you email them, and describe the changes to them. Proof-reading 
any "pull requests" (or change requests) would have to be done on a word
processor if you want to comment line-by-line. GitHub gives a good visual on 
the changes that have occured and keeps track semi-automatically.

What may be easier is to actually implement the changes that collaborators are
workign on, but this can be a double-sword in that it may allow some errors to
pass....


6. When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than
directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

A separate branch may be used when you want to add a big change or a logically
different change to the project. By using a branch you can collaborate on the
chagne with someone else who may have to merge the change into their master.
The change may only be incorporated into master only after all the bugs have
been fixed. Once this is done then the branch may be deleted safely. This
has the advantage of not breaking what has been done, but requires more work.

Working directly with the master branch means that the changes are immediate
and is easier to do. This is more prone to errors and may want to be avoided if
the changes could introduce bugs.

7. 